say the name is Suzuki and my first
thought is still motorbike
but the Japanese manufacturer is fast
becoming a serious contender on four
wheels just a couple of years ago it won
the Junior World Rally Championship
this little Ignace this year it's
leading the field with its new Swift
earlier this year I was mightily
impressed by their 100 horsepower 1.5
liter shopping car but now they've added
a sport model and I've got high hopes
costing eleven and a half thousand
pounds is from an extra 25 horsepower
and it gets to 60 in just eight point
nine seconds now that's quicker and its
chief rival the Citroen c2 VTR and even
than the outgoing Mini Cooper
first impressions well it's got a
suspension setup that's firm and
encouraging and not uncomfortable
the steering hair is a bit one weighted
slack on the heavy side when you're
parking but about right but you got some
speed up but is that handy we've really
come in to test there I say it I like it
more with the ESP odd especially in
these conditions how can that be the
truth is this ESP is very unobtrusive
it's a Porsche Cayman it lets the car
move around a little and if she comes
into action when you really get into
serious trouble and what makes the
experience even more pleasurable is the
functional and funky interior there's
even a full complement of airbags it's
all very user friendly and feels solidly
put together mind you their attempt to
join the keyless ignition club simply
leaves you with a clumpy key fob and
nowhere to store it
huzi ii would share a little bit of
understeer there
she panels don't deter it and put it off
line breaking hard flip the throttle to
rev the engine to master speed that
dropped a second good traction good
little bit of wheels bent even at the
traction control ease on just to bring
the car alive
so yes given a clear road the Swift does
encourage driving simply for the
pleasure of it but no it can't match the
fun you get from a Ferrari well what do
you expect for a tenth of the price